Your Highness, what's the matter with you?
Damn Zhao Hui
As a Chinese minister
How dare you hide the flood?
Hundreds of thousands of people are homeless
Unattended
If it is not secondary to the fishing line
I'm afraid I'm still in the dark
Your Highness, this is a big deal
If it's not handled well
Chin would rather boil
The weight must be with you
Your Highness is not good, Your Highness
What's up
A large number of disaster victims gathered outside the palace gate
They cordoned off the palace gates
Uh, said to meet His Highness
Uh, talking about this
Bad words
What did they say about His Royal Highness the Prince?
Chinese marriage collapse
I want you to step down
Open three rations immediately
Set up 10 council weeks at the gate of the emperor
Prince
No one is allowed to starve to death in the territory
Your Highness is wise
By the way, let Yunxian come to see me
Your Highness Kaizuo
This flood has created the current situation
Except for Zhao Hui and others who did not report it
There is still a big problem to be solved
If it is not solved properly
fear of popular uprising
Forcing disaster victims
Three are greater than the sky
Wash your hands
One is the lack of food in the city
Those big grain merchants
Let the grain rot in the warehouse
I wouldn't sell it.
Just to sell at a high price
OK
Let's see how hard the background is.
Established Donggong House Industry
Let these big Liangshan families in the city come to the banquet
Yes